fix: confine client config lookup to configured directory (#922)
jkroepke/openvpn-auth-oauth2: docs/Client specific configuration.md

openvpn-auth-oauth2 looks for a file
named after the token claim or common name with `.conf` suffix in the client config directory.

Client configuration files are opened through Go's `os.Root` mechanism.

> The file name must satisfy `fs.ValidPath`, so absolute paths and `.` or `..` path elements are rejected.

Author: ```suggestion
The filename must satisfy `fs.ValidPath`, so absolute paths and `.` or `..` path elements are rejected.
```
